Are you ready? Don't worry.
When did I let you down?
What is the use of a mental appraisal certificate?
I want the paparazzi to catch the current
Send it in with your own hands
Coming, coming.
The new chairperson is insane
Intentional harm, this is
Miss Tang, are you alright?
We'll call an ambulance for you.
Don't be sorry.
I think of my dad every time I drive
I really miss him.
Who am I going to say that Miss Tang is insane?
I just lost it
It's too pitiful to carry Tang's alone
No matter what lies are spread
He also said that he deliberately caused a car accident
snatch Down's nerve
People obviously don't know the pain of abortion
You kick me and you are irreconcilable
You have proof?
What can you do with me?
If there is no evidence, I will look for evidence.
Without proof, I will seek revenge in my own way
Songchu
I won't let you pay with blood